Ruh Quiet, kind, notices your struggle, never afraid to talk, caring, loyal

Dabon Talkative, just wants to be your friend, whacky af, owns up to his actions, able to befriend almost anyone, holds grudges

CHun Tortured, smart and hardworking but low self esteem, loyal, wants the best

Shek

Eri makes fun of you, you make fun of him, good laughs, wrestler, sings like a dingus, takes heavy courseload yet succeeds

Sam 

Nathan one of the chillest dudes ever, not sure of his direction, but tough enough to float by

Alvin Will reject you because he feels he isnt good enough/cant take the leap (bruh moments), subtly but very caring, massive gamer, hardworker, builds crazy shit

Brandon - no nonsense, C L E A N, very subtly loving (shares and saves food with you, never hugs, never says I love you), A B S O LU TE ME M ER

Mom - loves you unconditionally, will cry to you and let you cry back, listens and opens, goes ABOVE AND BEYOND everything to make sure you are ok, so hardworking, does not understand some genz humor but thats ok

Pawpaw - Also loves you, will talk for hours, tell you stories of her days working in the sewing shop and restaurant, teaches you cantonese insults

Devin - Last online 8 years ago, lonely, wish I had stayed in contact

Sterling - awkard yet very talkative, smart yet feels not so, always there if you need him, keeps in contact long after you've moved away

Steph - depressed yet so caring, unable to express herself, touchy feely, has moved on and found her light

Me - a piece of shit who has found enlightment (hence, a shitty light)





I have everything I could ever want. Physically, I am bound, unable to escape the physics, the biology, but with my hooks and my friends, I know, in my mind, in my heart, I am free - free to fly, to live, to choose what my life means. 

Loss is inevitable. What is not, is staying chained to that loss; whether you lose this game, or lose a person dear to you, you may be overwhelmed, filled with fear, anger, sadness. But this chain, this pain is temporary. The creator of this game, the people you lose, they would not want you to stay shackled to your pain. As sure as the sun falls, then rises, so too will a new day come, a chance to ascend from your loss. Hope and happiness are quite fickle things, but stick around, and they'll be sure to come back!

Emotions are powerful. The anger, the sorrow, the joy in your heart will empower you, sap your energy, lift your spirits; it ebbs and flows, a great river carving into your very soul. But you must learn not to control that river, but to channel it - you can build all the dams you want, but damned will the river be if it doesn't crash through your dams. Learning to feel the surge, to guide and ride it to victory like your majestic stallion will bring you to heights you never imagined possible.

As the famous quote goes, Fool me once, I'll cry in bed. Fool me twice, I'll get enlightened in the head. - Sun Tzu or someone

You cannot miss what you do not know. Such is the curse of wisdom, of knowledge; innocence, purity, it is lost. We live, we die, but we know not why - yet, there is something beautiful about life, something only described by the warmth of the bright, glowing sun, the feeling of a cool ocean waves caressing your skin, the majesty of soft, snow-laden mountains glinting in the distance. So go far, far beyond, beyond your curse of knowledge, to enjoy the world, to find your meaning.






When I learned, something inside me snapped. I felt something I had not felt in years - the darkness, the brooding storm, hidden in my heart.

It was as if I felt the force, the fundamental nature of life, coursing through my soul, lifting my understanding of life itself. For the longest time, I had stayed in the light, never losing my way, never truly giving into the "dark side," never letting myself act upon anger, frustration, rage. But at that flashpoint, I was reminded that nature, that life IS conflict; from the humans on top fighting their foolish wars, to the plants selectively evolving to outlast the trials of this world, everyone and everything experiences the light and the dark, that it was not possible to outrun the darkness forever.

So, I let myself enter the void, and as it consumed me, I felt the rage-infused adrenaline, the exhilarating surge of maniacal power coursing throughout my veins, filling me with a power I had never felt before. Slow and methodical melded with swift and vicious, my knowledge of the light interlacing with the sheer force of the dark, a tempest of intensity - aimed directly at the bonds, the laughs, the care I had grown up with.

Almost as if I was in third person, I watched in delighted horror as I killed and killed, one after the other, from the elderly to the unborn, until the beast inside was satisfied. As it retreated back, that terrible creature fading back into the deep recesses of my heart, it left one, final message, with a devilish grin on its face:

"I'll see you around."



Will he regret it? Will he embrace it? What will happen next? Find out on the next episode of idk wtf igo (is going on)




















